Previously
on Will Trent...
Will Trent.
Ava.
It's my number. in case
you didn't have it or need
it or whatever.
I'm going to
New York for a few weeks.
- I'll text you when I get back.
- Maybe we can do it again.
Not everything
has to be so serious.
You know. I agree.
Not everything has
to be so serious.
Someone told me that
recently and they-- she--
they have a point.
Was it Ava? Was Ava
the "they/she/they"?
By the way. I knew you
slept with her. I just know
how to mind my business.
Eduardo. read text.
Text from Ava.
"Hey. sexy. send me a selfie."
One second.
Oh. Will. she is not talking
about that kind of selfie.
Oh. Oh. my. Really?
I'll respond to her later.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
APD. stop!
You got the wrong guy!
Get off of me.
-I didn't do anything.
-Yeah?
Well. I got an eyewitness who
saw you running from the scene.
-You're under arrest.
-It wasn't me. It wasn't me.
Relax!
The state
of Georgia is preparing
to execute death row inmate
George Long in less than
ten hours.
Long. who has maintained
his innocence.
was found guilty of murdering
Atlanta real estate developer
Thomas Kelly and his wife
Marjorie in 2010.
Long. who previously
served time for armed robbery.
shot the Kellys
during a failed carjacking.
We have other top
stories to get to...
I left early. but Atlanta
traffic took that as
a challenge.
You look great.
Thanks. you too.
-Everything okay?
-Of course.
-Just happy you're here.
-Ah.
-All right.
-Let's go to your place.
What. right now?
I thought we'd get dinner.
I made a reservation.
Oh. come on. Will.
I've missed you.
Besides. when's the last time
you did anything spontaneous?
Hmm. Last night.
I microwaved spaghetti
without a lid on it.
Huh.
I see your point. After you.
... checking in
with our very own Sandra Jones
in Cobb County
who can't wait to tell us more.
So. um. how was New York?
It was great.
Bought a latte for $16.
Wow. good deal. huh?
I know. How about you?
Betty has a new shampoo.
She smells like grapefruit.
- How's that
for spontaneous. huh?
So. you want to tell me about
the guy in the baseball hat
following us?
No idea. Never seen him.
Okay. I'll find out myself.
No. He's been
following me all day.
-Okay. Turn left here.
-Oh.
Hey. You see this lady here?
She's not interested.
Yo. it's not
what it looks like.
My name is Brett Fontaine. I'm
a retired cop. Check my pocket.
Oh.
Yep.
NYPD? Why are you in Atlanta?
Because your friend stole
something from Ron Moffitino.
and Ron Moffitino
hired me to get it back.
I don't know a Ron Moffitino.
Ooh. and you're
lying. Ava Green.
Ron Moffitino
is an interior decorator.
and you stole his urn.
All right. Everyone
stop saying Ron Moffitino.
You stole an urn?
Whose urn?
Meat Loaf.
-The singer?
-Singer and actor.
also known as Marvin Lee Aday.
And Ron Moffitino wants the urn
and his ashes back by
midnight. or else.
Okay. no more full names.
-Ava. just give
the nice man his urn.
-Yeah.
It's not that simple.
Why is it not that simple?
Whoa. whoa.
Do you not have the urn?
Okay. look.
We're good. all right?
I'll take it from here.
I'll get him back his urn. and
if he has a problem with it.
Ron can come find me himself.
Okay. And what's your name?
Special Agent Will Trent.
Okay. Special Agent Will Trent.
I'll tell Ron Moffitino
that you and Ava Green--
Just get out of here.
-I can explain.
-Mmm.
Can't wait.
Let's go. Get it together.
- Okay.
- Come on.
Excuse me. I am looking
for Detective Michael Ormewood.
It's urgent.
Hey. Right here. You don't have
to yell it. Can I help you?
You were the responding officer
in the George Long case.
-Yes?
-I'm sorry. who are you?
Joanne Drexel. I'm part
of George's legal team.
Tell them. Tell them
exactly what you told me.
What is this? What's going on?
You don't remember me?
I... Should I?
I'm the witness.
I told you I saw George.
Keep going. Tell him.
I lied.
-I made it all up.
-Wait. What are you saying
right now?
George Long is innocent.
We have nine hours
until he dies. We need
to stop his execution.
You're judging me.
I can feel it.
I just have questions. is all.
Ron Moffitino hired me
to take photos of this place
that he just worked on.
Guy's a bit sketchy. Probably
should have turned it down.
But it was 1.500 bucks.
Who am I to say no?
Then guess what?
Ron stiffed me.
So. naturally.
you stole Meat Loaf's ashes?
I had to look out for myself.
okay? $1.500 is a lot of money.
-It's rent.
-Have you heard
of small claims court?
Have you heard of
living your life in the moment?
This is who I am.
It may not always be easy.
but it's way more fun.
You're responsible.
You're conscientious.
You're predictable.
You have no idea what
it's like to have to hustle.
Okay. hang on a second. I've
had to hustle my entire life.
I've sold stolen rugs
out of a van.
I basically cheated
my way through school.
and most importantly.
I love Meat Loaf. Huge fan.
-You're not serious.
-Dead serious.
You know what?
I'm gonna help you.
-Where's the urn now?
-I pawned it.
Excellent.
At least we know where it is.
First. we need an ATM.
Eduardo. who's Meat Loaf?
- Meat Loaf was a singer...
-You lied. I knew it.
You want a hustler? You got
one. Just try to keep up.
...Bat Out of Hell
has sold over 40 million
copies worldwide
and is the fourth best-selling
album in history. Meat Loaf...
Okay. Harris. why don't
you tell us what really
happened 15 years ago?
I went to get Chinese food.
I was walking back to my car
and I heard the gunshots from
the parking garage across
the street.
And I was trying to get out of
there. and then you showed up
and you started
-asking me a lot of questions--
-I asked you if you saw
anything.
You described George Long.
You said he ran out of
the garage like he was fleeing.
I know. I. uh... I lied.
I saw him.
I saw him. but he wasn't
leaving the garage.
He was just walking
down the street.
Why would you do that?
Why would you make that up?
He was yelling. okay? He was...
You were yelling and you got
in my face. and it was scary--
Hey. hey! Don't you try
to pin this on me. okay?
You showed up here days
after George was arrested.
You ID'd him. Why didn't
you say something then. huh?
I know. I think
about it every day. okay?
It just got so big.
I'm sorry! I just...
You want to take a walk?
No. I'm fine right here.
All right. listen. Even if
this man is telling the truth.
he's too drunk to
take a statement right now.
By the way. I find this whole
thing pretty damn convenient.
How do we know he didn't come
up with that story after
you bought him a few drinks?
That sounds like it's right
out of the APD's playbook.
Hey. I'm just saying.
give me one reason why I should
believe him.
Because George Long is about
to be murdered by the state
of Georgia.
I'm sorry.
Hey. All right. let's take
a second. Let's talk about it.
The key witness lied.
What are
you gonna do about this?
Nothing. George Long
was convicted by a jury.
The guy's had three appeals.
He's not my problem.
Yeah. I know. He actually
did you a lot of good.
-What the hell does that mean?
-I did my research.
You got promoted to detective
right after he was sentenced.
You owe him your career.
All right. that's enough.
Are we done here?
Sure. I'm just gonna
file a last-minute appeal
that'll probably end up
in somebody's shredder.
but you two sleep tight.
Try not to intimidate
anyone on the way home.
You all right?
I want to see
those damn case files.
- Urn lady.
- Hi.
Welcome back.
I've made a big mistake.
I came in earlier.
I wasn't thinking.
I'm a huge idiot.
Oh. babe. don't beat yourself
up. We'll make it right.
My girlfriend sold
you Meat Loaf's urn.
and I need to buy it back.
I wish.
That baby flew off my shelves
like a bat out of hell.
You've already sold it?
Sure did. Put it on the website
and one of my regulars
snatched it up.
Folks in New York City
were calling too.
You would not believe
the money they were offering
for that urn.
I wish I could have kept
her myself. but. uh.
times are tough. so...
Would you be able to give
us the name of the guy
who bought the urn?
Sorry. darling.
I cannot do that.
Let me ask you. you a fan?
Certified Meat Lover. brother.
Oh. man. Look.
I... I really need this urn.
Without Meat Loaf.
I wouldn't even be here today.
My parents. they met
at a show in New Haven.
-small venue
called Toad's Place.
-Toad's Place.
-Historic.
-That's right.
Which show?
Dead Ringer. October 1981.
- Classic. classic.
- Mmm.
His mum used to talk about it
all the time. Didn't she?
-Yeah. Oh...
-God rest her soul.
You know. she was
working at the bar.
My old man came in and bought
a drink. and. well.
the rest is history.
They called
it loaf at first sight.
It was a meat-cute.
M-E-A-T.
-There you go. Uh-huh.
-There it is.
- Okay. That's good.
That's good too.
- Yeah.
What do you say?
Screw it.
- I'm a hopeless romantic. so...
- Aw.
His name is Murph Sanchez.
Actually. he's having
a little shindig tonight.
- Love it. Sounds fun.
- Mm-hmm.
Now. um... Just
between you and me.
this guy can be a real a-hole.
Understood. Meat Lover.
My man. Bye. y'all.
Let's go pay
Murph Sanchez a visit.
That was awesome.
Now we get to crash a party.
Oh.
Uh...
You know what? After you.
That's what I thought.
Ex-boyfriend?
Who do you think I am?
Have you been
through these yet?
-No. I'm still
on court transcripts.
-Okay.
Hey. I was going to
get a burrito. Wanna go?
I can't.
It's gonna be a long night.
I'll just go by myself.
because that's how
I'm going to die anyway.
alone with a broken heart.
George Long. What's this?
Please stick around.
We could use your brain.
Well. it depends
on what you're doing.
I'm making sure
George Long's guilty
before he's put to death.
We had a witness recant.
Okay. perspective.
Give me the SparkNotes.
Prior to murdering the Kellys.
George Long spent six years
in federal prison
for sticking up a car wash
at gunpoint.
Violent criminal history.
got it.
And when I cuffed him. I found
a wad of cash in his pocket.
which the prosecution suggested
he stole from Marjorie Kelly.
However. forensics didn't find
his fingerprints on anything.
-Her wallet.
her purse. their car.
-What about the murder weapon?
The gun was never found.
It's a lot of circumstantial
evidence. Who worked the case?
Ernie Pyzeck.
Home-by.
Hey. Pyzeck taught me a ton.
He was a great detective.
Yeah. as long as
he was home by dinner.
What do you think. Angie?
Honestly. there were a lot of
people that hated the victim.
Tom Kelly. big bad
real estate developer.
Check this out.
Autopsy report. See his ribs?
Bruises.
Yeah. the ME suggested
those were a week old.
Say he got in a fight...
Whoever gave him those bruises
came back to finish the job.
Looks like he was kicked.
Maybe with the toe of a boot.
Did George Long have any
connection with the Kellys?
-None.
-Huh.
It looks pretty personal to me.
Why didn't they bring
this up in the trial?
I'm gonna try and find somebody
who was close with the Kellys.
help us fill in
some of these blanks.
How much time do
we have before Long's executed?
Less than seven hours.
You've got 20 minutes.
I'm getting dim sum with a man
who has no kids and a full
head of hair.
Oh. Good for you.
We won't keep you from that.
So. you were Tom Kelly's
assistant at the time of
his murder. is that right?
Yeah. for over a decade.
Not to speak ill of the dead.
but he was a piece of garbage.
What's this about?
Well. we're trying to
make sure we got the right guy.
You think
you got the wrong guy?
I mean. isn't he
getting executed tonight?
-You're cutting
it pretty close.
-Yep.
So. around
the time of his murder.
do you recall if there were
any residents that were
particularly angry with him?
Too many. Tom was always
throwing people out of
their homes.
-Did any of them
ever get physical?
-Oh. yeah.
I remember one.
Maybe like a week
before the shooting.
Guy stormed in because
his girlfriend got evicted.
He got Tom on the ground
and started kicking him
and kicking him.
and. I mean. security
had to carry him out.
-You remember his name?
-Mm-mmm.
-His girlfriend's name?
-Had you ever seen him before?
This was 15 years ago.
-Is there any record of this?
-Tom didn't want
to press charges.
and the guy kept telling me
he wanted to kill him too.
It got real ugly.
And you didn't even think
to mention this
to Detective Pyzeck
or anyone else
during the investigation?
No one asked.
So Murph Sanchez is
having a white party. Perfect.
Yeah. um... It's okay.
-Mm-hmm.
-Let's just keep it simple.
We'll find Murph. buy back
the urn. and then I'm taking
you to dinner.
Who the hell
are you two clowns?
Get out of my house.
You must be Murph.
-Yeah.
-Um...
We are a. uh...
a gift from one of
your many generous friends.
We're working the party.
I'm a magician. and this is
my lovely assistant.
the Amazing Ava.
Okay. Do something. Impress me.
Oh.
-This your watch?
-Ta-da!
That's pretty neat.
Okay. Go dazzle them.
But if you pocket anything.
we'll have a problem.
-Swell guy.
-Hmm.
When did you learn close magic?
- Oh. I have plenty more
up my sleeve.
Brother. every person on that
jury said George was guilty.
Yeah. you're right.
We had an eyewitness
point us directly at an ex-con
who just so happened
to be leaving the garage
at the exact same time
the two rich folks got popped.
Perp had a wad of cash
on him. right?
Ain't a smoking
gun. but it's pretty good.
Yeah. but Pyzeck.
without a witness.
the whole thing falls apart.
Hey. God put our eyes
looking this way for a reason.
Yeah. I guess I just...
I just want to know that I did
the right thing. you know?
Of course you did.
You didn't convict the guy.
You didn't sentence him.
and you're not putting
the needle in his arm.
This ain't on you. Ormy.
Just let it go.
I'm trying.
You know what case
I think about?
None of them.
Hey. you know. uh.
Tom Kelly's assistant said
that a week before the murder.
some guy came into their
office. knocked Tom around.
-threatened to kill him.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
Why didn't you question her?
Didn't need to.
We already had our guy.
Ma'am. I need help.
Can it wait till tomorrow?
No. George Long is going
to be executed in four hours.
and I think
he might be innocent.
I've worked capital cases
in my career. They're heavy.
But we got new information.
okay? The case against him.
it doesn't hold up.
Okay. I just-- I need time.
I need time to get the evidence
that I need--
Listen. listen. it's not that
simple. There's a system--
Oh. my God. I'm so sick
of everyone blaming the system!
Guess what. Amanda?
We are the system. okay?
So if the system sucks or the
system's broken. that's on us!
I don't know
who you think you are.
coming up into my office.
raising your voice at me.
But you will never do that
again. Do I make myself clear?
Yeah.
Good.
Now.
what do you need?
Are they on drugs or am I?
It's a silent disco.
Do you see the headsets?
They're all synced up
to the same playlist.
-Then why are you whispering?
-I'm not sure.
What music do you think
they're listening to?
I think it's "Shout"
by the Isley Brothers.
You really are
the world's best detective.
-Thank you.
-Mmm.
Tell me that's Meat Loaf's urn.
Yes! That's Meat Loaf's urn.
All right.
Look. I'm being spontaneous.
Whoo!
You come here often?
Oh. yeah. I see you.
Don't shout. Maybe shout.
And shout.
Oh.
You good?
I'm great.
Now's our chance.
-What are you doing?
-I'm not stealing.
We're gonna pay what we owe.
-You know. spontaneous.
but conscientious.
-Right. Excellent.
Okay. I got it. Let's go.
Oh.
Murph Sanchez. twelve o'clock.
I can't look away.
Follow me.
Watch the urn. Watch the urn.
What's happening?
I don't know.
Put the urn down now!
Murph. I can explain.
What?
Headset. I can explain.
Save your breath.
Call the police. honeybun.
Get out of the way.
Move. I said move.
Okay. You run.
I'll take care of him.
Don't you move. Houdini!
Get out of my way.
I'm trying to...
I told you
we'd have a problem...
Get out of my way! Move!
I said move!
He can't hear me.
-Will. hurry!
-Ava. watch out!
Give me the urn. sweetheart.
Ava. let's go. Come on.
I kicked him. Did you see?
-I did. We gotta go. Now.
-This is our ride.
-What? Why?
-I called it
when we were inside.
I figured meat stick got
your plates at the pawn shop.
Come on.
Brilliant. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. come on.
hurry up. drive. drive.
Will...
What?
Please
buckle your safety belts.
Whoa.
Okay. that was insane.
Completely insane.
-You were amazing. So sexy.
-Yeah?
Oh. Thank you.
Oh. um... So now
you got to call Ron Moffitino
and tell him you're
ready to give the urn back.
I love it when
you bark orders at me.
- Oh. Mmm. Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Cool.
Mmm. No. but seriously.
get your phone. This is still
an emergency.
Yes. sir.
Seat belt. phone.
Moffitino. Now.
-Mmm.
-These are the last ones.
-Here. I'll take 'em.
- How many people
did this guy evict?
425 units just
weeks before the murder.
Any word from Amanda?
She's been talking
to the governor.
but I wouldn't count on it.
Let's hit the phones.
All right. we know our suspect
is the boyfriend of a tenant.
so the only names that matter
are women who were single
in 2010.
It's just a numbers game.
We got this.
Okay. we're in business.
Ron's in town and he will meet
us at your place in an hour.
- Why is he in town
if he sent the PI?
Hang on.
You sure
you don't know this guy?
Richie Holgan. the thug? Yeah.
he's my Pilates instructor.
No. How'd you get his wallet?
I grew up with Zach Pansky.
Bad roommate. great thief.
You know. why hire a thug
and a cop to do the same job?
I wonder if there's
another player involved.
Someone else that's interested
in Meat Loaf's ashes.
Shh. This will all
be over in 60 minutes.
Ever had sex in the back
of an autonomous vehicle?
-No. I have not.
-Hmm.
Let's do this.
Attention. riders.
Please return to your own seats
and buckle your safety belts.
-Hello?
-Hi. my name's Mark.
Please return to your own seats
and buckle your safety belts.
Okay. you got it.
Um. sorry about that. Mark.
Don't say sorry. He's a robot.
I'm a vehicle compliance
analyst at a call center
in Tennessee.
and personally.
I find your sexcapades
to be unsavory and indecent.
Excuse me.
we were just kissing.
I know what kissing is. My mom
and dad do it all the time.
-I don't know what
to do with that.
-All right.
Well. now
you don't have to look.
Hmm.
- Mark! What's going on. Mark?
-  Get out.
This behavior is a violation
of our terms of service.
What? This is ridiculous.
You know. we didn't
even do anything wrong.
and we're two consenting adults
in a situationship. Mark.
- Get out.
- Whatever. Let's go.
All right. well.
have a blessed day.
- Thank you so much
for riding with us.
-Oh. shut up. Mark.
You know. I have to admit.
I did remove my seat belt.
-Yeah.
-So...
Oh. no. The urn.
it's in the front seat.
-Mark. wait!
-Meat Loaf!
This is why I like a plan.
Hey. hey. listen up.
We got a new lead.
I just spoke to a lady
who remembers someone
named Christine
bragging about
her boyfriend fighting Tom.
No clue about a last name
or a unit number. though.
All right. we're
looking for a Christine!
I'll call Joanne. Maybe
this will help with her appeal.
Thank you. Christine.
I appreciate your time.
Yep. You too. Thanks.
-Any word from the governor?
-Shut down.
No stay unless we can provide
substantial evidence connecting
to a new suspect.
They don't care
that he didn't do it?
They haven't
cared for 15 years.
You ever
witnessed an execution?
I have. yeah.
You know. people used
to think the electric chair
was too brutal.
better to use a needle
like we do with pets.
So two guys got together
and scribbled out the formula
one afternoon.
No research. no nothing.
just back of a napkin. 1977.
in Oklahoma.
It is better. though. right?
I mean. eight out
of ten prisoners drown
in their own blood.
Their lungs literally burn.
Do you know what stays with me?
They give a sedative first.
They have to check to make sure
it works. so someone says
the prisoner's name.
And if there's no response.
they gently stroke
his eyelashes.
I mean. isn't that tender?
It's like...
It's like a butterfly kiss.
These people haven't
been touched in years.
And then they pinch his arm.
George Long.
Eyelash. Arm.
And then they stop his heart.
Three hours.
Found our Christine.
Check out who she's married to.
You think Harris
has sobered up?
I crossed a line. I didn't
know the rules. but now I do.
No. no. They better
not charge you for that ride.
Tell them to give you a refund.
She needs a refund.
I'll never do it again.
You have my word.
Behavior like that
is reserved for the bus.
Yes. you're absolutely right.
Ava. look.
Oh. right. okay.
thank you. Thank you so much.
I can't believe it.
-Five stars.
-Thank you.
No! No. no. no. no. no.
That did not just happen.
It's okay. It's okay. It's
fine. It's really not that bad.
All we need is some superglue
and a carton of cigarettes.
Ash is ash. Nobody
will know the difference.
Whoa.
Now we know why
everyone wants this urn.
Lock the door. Lock it!
Settle down. Ron Moffitino.
-Where's the urn?
-Where's my $1.500?
-I'm a little preoccupied. Ava.
-Give me my damn money. Ron!
-You're a thief!
You're a thief!
-I'm a thief? You're a bum!
-Hey! That's enough. okay?
We broke the urn. All right.
I did some research.
Meat Loaf's widow
has his ashes.
and she'd never give 'em up.
-We have the emerald. Ron.
-Give it to me.
I need the emerald or
they're going to kill me.
- Okay. who's gonna
kill you. huh?
This guy?
Start talking. Ron.
or you're gonna go to prison.
How'd you end up with
a stolen gem worth 250 grand?
My friend gave me the
emerald for safekeeping
before he got pinched.
Got myself in a situation
and I needed some cash.
-Evidently.
-Hold on. let him talk.
- Yeah. let me talk.
- Don't push it. Ron.
I'm on her side. all right?
I know this guy Brian.
He deals with this
sort of stuff for the mob.
so we make a plan
for a few days out
and I put the emerald
in the urn for safekeeping.
But then little Miss Sticky
Fingers over here comes along.
All of this could have been
avoided if you just paid me.
I need to give them the emerald
or they're gonna kill me.
Call Brian.
Tell him the deal is on.
Tell me
about your brother.
Pat?
He's a good guy.
-Is he married?
-Yeah.
He and his wife Christine
have been together a long time.
Look. if you want
to save George's life.
you need to tell me the truth.
-I don't know what you mean.
-Come on. Harris.
You can do this.
Christine was evicted.
It wasn't right.
Just so some rich guy
can get a little bit richer.
If I was Pat.
I'd be pissed off too.
Pat was with you
that afternoon. wasn't he?
I can't. I'm sorry. I can't.
Yes. you can. okay? You came
to my office for a reason.
You've spent the last 15
years lying for your brother.
He gets to live his life.
What about you. huh?
I know that this is
ripping you apart inside.
and the only way you
can get rid of that feeling
is if you do this for yourself.
We were driving
to the restaurant.
He said he was fine.
I knew he was lying.
I went in to get food
and I see him...
run into the parking garage.
He had his gun.
- When I heard the shots. I knew it was him.
-  I'm so sorry.
Okay.
Listen. we cannot save George's
life unless we have the gun.
Does your brother still have
it? Do you know where it is?
Uh...
Come on. Harris.
we're running out of time!
It's in his house.
-Behind the fridge.
-Yes. Yes.
- APD! Patrick Weber. hands up!
- What's going on?
-Get out of my house!
-Let's go!
-We have a warrant. Sit down.
-For what?
Let me see your hands.
Let's go.
- Whoa.
- All right.
Hands up. Christine.
-Okay. okay!
-We are good. we are good here.
- What's this about?
Hey. there's-- -Hands up!
-What is going on?
-I don't know.
Don't worry about it.
-What are they doing here?
-I don't know!
Mitchell! How's it going
in there. Mitchell?
I'm good! I found the gun.
It was behind the fridge.
That's not mine!
I want a lawyer!
You can have one. You are
under arrest for the murders
of Tom and Marjorie Kelly.
No!
Where's Ron?
Don't worry about Ron.
I'm the guy with the jewel.
You look good. milkshake.
My associate
doesn't like you very much.
Your associate's
been a real pain in my ass.
In fact. I should
charge you an extra 50 grand.
Ron and I agreed on a price.
That's right.
Then why'd you send extra
strong hot dog bun over here
to steal it first?
I don't trust you. Brian.
and I have other offers.
You have the money?
I want to see the emerald.
Step right into my office.
We good?
Pushy. pushy.
Do we have a deal?
No.
I'm taking it for free.
-Kill this idiot.
-Hang on. Hey. hang on.
-You a fan of Meat Loaf?
-What?
Meat Loaf. the singer.
- On the ground!
- GBI!
Put your weapons down!
Drop 'em!
Do not move!
You're under arrest. idiot.
The governor has yet to
comment on the execution.
We have less than an hour. Why
are they dragging their feet?
They have the power.
They can do whatever they want.
Either way. we did good work.
Either way?
What's that supposed to mean?
It means it's out of our hands.
Long appears
to be out of options...
...and is hoping
for a last-minute miracle
to avoid being executed.
I need to take this.
Is it the governor? Joanne?
...and
despite his best efforts
it looks like George Long
is running out of time.
There's no
change in status right now...
- I know you don't need
to hear this...
...but I'm proud of you.
They reopened the case
against Pat.
We got a stay.
George will get to come home.
Most people do coffee in
the morning. You rearrange.
Just keeping you
on your toes.
What do you think? Really
opens the room up. right?
Um... Yeah. Wide open.
Wild night. huh?
Oh. my.
How do you live like this?
I don't know.
You made it look pretty easy.
I should probably go.
I head to Portugal tomorrow.
Mmm.
-How long?
-Just a few weeks.
Great. Just enough time
for my heart rate
to get back to normal.
I'll call you.
Will you?
I am responsible
and conscientious.
and I do like a plan.
But I also like this.
- It's fun.
And a little dangerous.
- Mmm.
So. yeah. I will call you.
Okay.
Oh. damn it.
Would you call me a car?
They've suspended my account.
Ooh. You know. I'd
do anything for love. but...
I won't do that.
-Let me drive you home.
-Okay.
-Oh. thank you.
-Thank you.
-Enjoy.
-All right.
Oh. no. too sweet.
No. This-- This is better.
Oh. Yeah.
What was I even thinking?
Here I am grabbing pancake
syrup when I should've been
grabbing pancake jelly.
Who doesn't love pancake jelly?
Oh. boy.
Try it.
You're just changing lives
left and right. huh?
Well. someone has to.
Yeah. but they don't. You care.
That's the job.
You know. when
I first started with the APD.
it was guys like Pyzeck
who took me under their wings.
And I thought
they had it all figured out.
You solve a case.
you kill a fifth.
you do it again the next day.
You never get attached.
you never bring it home.
you just...
keep moving forward.
It took me all these years
to figure out
that you don't do that
because you're strong.
You don't do that
'cause you're tough.
You do it 'cause you're weak.
What? I have jelly on my face?
No.
You're just
not what I expected.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm